Update create-and-deploy-a-thesaurus.md (#1831)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointServer/search/create-and-deploy-a-thesaurus.md

  
If you want to define more than one synonym for one key, you have to create multiple entries in the thesaurus. Also, if you want the synonym to work both ways, for example, if you want the term "IE" to also return search results for "Internet Explorer" and you want the term "Internet Explorer" to also return results for "IE", you have to create two thesaurus entries. 
  

> To create your thesaurus terms, you can use alphabetical Unicode characters such as a, ø, ü or é. Your terms can also include underscores (_), hyphens (-) and straight apostrophes ('). Your terms can't include non-alphabetical Unicode characters, such as hashtag (#), forward slash (/), back slash (\\) , punctuation (.) or question mark (?). You also can't use abbreviations that include non-alphabetical Unicode characters, such as E.K.G or d\r. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create your thesaurus terms, you can use alphabetical Unicode characters such as a, ø, ü, or é. Your terms can also include underscores (_), hyphens (-), and straight apostrophes ('). Your terms can't include non-alphabetical Unicode characters, such as hashtag (#), slash (/), backslash (\\), period (.), or question mark (?). You also can't use abbreviations that include non-alphabetical Unicode characters, such as E.K.G or d\r. 
```
